Come on!
Let’s go.
We’re gonna need
a little extra time
at airport security,
’cause I’m pretty sure
they’re gonna want to
pat you down.
Manny’s with his father
for the weekend,
so Jay and I
are flying to Vegas.
I’m a little torn because
I want alone time with Gloria,
but I also like rubbing
Manny’s head for good luck.
I just need to send
this e-mail to Claire...
why I’m not working
on the bake sale next week,
- but I can’t say
the real reason.
- Why not?
Because she drive me crazy
when she’s in charge
of these things.
We got a flight to catch,
so let me help you out here.
Okay.
You tell me what you wanna
say to her, and I’ll help you
find a nice way to say it.
I want to say,
"I can’t work
on the bake sale...
because you’re a bossy
control freak–
[ Typing ]
that looks down on my cupcakes,
even though your lemon squares
were very dry."
[ Typing ]
There. Okay?
How’s this?
"Dear Claire,
I can’t work the bake sale...
because you’re a bossy
control freak who look down"–
Very funny, Jay.
[ Whooshing Sound ]
Ay. Ay.
Why the whoosh? Where is–
Where is the e-mail?
It sended!
¡Ay! Make it come back.
I don’t know how to
make it come back.
Now she’s gonna read it and
she’s gonna think it’s from me!
Well, technically,
it was from you. But come on.
Let’s hit the road.
It sended!
Please come back.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
We love our neighborhood.
But sometimes,
the last thing you wanna do
after fighting traffic...
is get back in the car
to go out to eat,
and the only restaurant
within walking distance
is Shawarma City.
Two shawarma combo.
Meat or chicken?
One meat, one chicken.
And can you make the chicken all
white meat?
- Number 32. Pay cashier.
- That’s not an answer.
[ Speaking Foreign Language ]
Then, a miracle happened.
The hottest new restaurant
in the city opened up
two blocks away.
Amelia’s.
But there was a problem.
- They can take us at 5:15.
- What are we, 80?
- Or 10:45.
- What are we, 20?
Then, miracle number two.
Turns out one of the mothers
at Lily’s preschool is
none other than Amelia herself.
So we arranged a playdate
with her son Jackson...
where we would,
you know, charm Amelia.
Okay. The most
important playdate ever.
So I’m really gonna need you
to sparkle, sweetie.
Oh, I’m gonna sparkle like
it’s the Fourth of July.
I was talking to Lily.
Hmm?
It’s our parents’ anniversary,
so we’re surprising them
with breakfast in bed.
They’re impossible
to buy for.
We think.
We’ve never really tried.
Okay, ready?
One, two, three.
[ Together ]
Surprise–
[ All Screaming ]
[ Dishes Crashing ]
[ Phil ]
No! Oh!
[ Claire ]
No!
I’m sorry!
Nothing’s happening!
Oh, my God!
Yeah. Our kids
walked in on us.
We were, as they say,
having sex.
That’s not a euphemism, Phil.
It’s exactly what we were doing.
Having sex...
in front of our children.
Well, they weren’t there
when we started.
No.
In fact, you weren’t even there
when we started.
[ Inhales ]
Oh, my God!
It’s okay.
Maybe they didn’t
see anything.
Sweetie, they screamed.
They dropped a tray of dishes
and they ran out of here
like they were on fire.
You were on fire, lady.
Really?
You’re still going?
Forgive me for thinking
your zesty performance
deserves some praise.
Phil, our children
are downstairs right now, and
they’re probably traumatized.
Oh, come on.
I’m sure it’s not
that bad.
I can still see it!
I can’t believe
that just happened.
What were they doing?
[ Alex ]
Nothing.
Whatever it was, it looked
like Dad was winning.
"It"!
They were doing "it"!
- He has no idea
what you’re talking about.
- Sex?
[ Haley ]
Yes!
I know what sex is,
Alex.
It’s when a man and a woman
take off their underpants
and then get into the bed.
- Stop talking!
- [ Groans ]
Try Claire again.
I’m not getting
a signal.
Relax.
We’ll get her.
Shorty told me about
this restaurant in Vegas.
It’s got a three-story
wine tower right in
the middle of it.
Guy who gets your wine
flies around on a wire.
Like the Peter Pan?
No.
Not like "the Peter Pan."
This is a high-end place.
Oh, yeah, because
all the finest restaurants
in the world...
have people flying around
on wires.
You know, you used to go bananas
when the Japanese guy flipped
a shrimp onto your plate.
- Now look at you.
- Try her again!
Fine.
And just so you know,
it’s not like Peter Pan.
I mean, nobody
wears tights or anything.
Well, if they’re not
wearing anything, I don’t want
them flying over my food.
- [ Line Rings ]
- [ Phil ]
Hello?
Phil, it’s me.
Can I talk to Claire?
Yeah. One second, Jay.
It’s your dad.
No. No, no. Can’t. Uh-uh.
She doesn’t want
to talk right now.
Ay, no.
Why not?
Uh, she’s a little
too upset.
Phil, put her on.
He says he wants you–
Hang up the phone.
- [ Gasps ]
- I’m sorry, Jay.
She says I have to go.
[ Groaning ]
[ Beeps ]
You know,
she’s my daughter
and everything,
but that guy seriously
needs to grow a pair.
Well, we tried.
Vegas, here we come.
Turn around the car.
Only ’cause I want to.
This is a beautiful home.
I love the throwback
to the ’60s.
Although if this was the ’60s,
we’d be a couple
of "confirmed bachelors"...
and Lily
would be a Yorkie.
[ Laughs ]
And I’d still be trapped
in a loveless marriage.
[ Laughing ]
Oh, Amelia.
Come on.
Oh, you are funny.
[ Cameron ]
Oh!
I really like you guys.
I haven’t had
a lot of time to meet
the other parents.
- Single mom,
hectic work schedule–
- Now, what do you do, Amelia?
I own a few restaurants.
- Oh.
- I just opened one nearby.
Oh, my gosh.
Are you that Amelia?
- Mm-hmm.
- Oh, my gosh!
We’ve heard wonderful things
about the restaurant.
It must be doing well.
We can never seem
to get a reservation.
Can’t get in.
Can’t.
Well, that’s no problem.
The next time you call,
just tell them–
[ Ringing ]
Oop. One second.
I’m sorry.
Tell them what?
Hello?
Did you show it to him?
And what did he say?
Okay. Hold on a second.
I’m-I’m gonna switch phones.
[ Whispering ]
I’m sorry. It’s the restaurant.
Oh.
- Excuse me just a minute.
- Yeah, you said
to tell them something.
Did you hear that?
When we know what to say,
we’re in.
Oh, this is very exciting.
I’ve never had an in
at a restaurant before.
They’ll probably greet us
at the door by our names,
show us to our favorite table.
Let us play fast and loose
with the menu,
order lunch things for dinner,
dinner things for lunch.
[ Gasps ]
It’s fine. It’s fine.
It’s fine.
Cameron, stop moving!
[ Amelia On Speaker ]
Are you there?
Put him on the phone.
That’s the baby monitor.
Should we turn it off?
Who am I speaking to?
Well, Mr. Campbell,
you need to replace
the extremely
expensive countertop...
that one of your
incompetent workers
clearly ruined...
when he was supposed to be
fixing the refrigerator.
See? Okay.
This is why she’s so successful.
She’s tough but calm.
Because I’m not an idiot!
As is evidenced
by my law degree,
which I will happily dust off
and use to crush you in court
if you don’t fix it,
replace it
or send me a check
in the next 72 hours.
You know what?
Stay right there.
Don’t move.
[ Hangs Up ]
- Act like
you weren’t listening.
- What does that look like?
Like this.
[ Amelia Groans ]
I’m so sorry.
I have to run down to
the restaurant for a minute.
I really feel terrible asking,
but would you guys mind?
It’s not a problem.
We’ll watch the kids.
[ Cameron ] Oh, yes.
You go take care of that
fabulous restaurant of yours
that we cannot wait to try.
And when we do call, Amelia,
you said–
Jackson, Mommy
will be right back, okay?
Thanks you guys so much.
I owe you big-time.
Okay.
- Did you hear that?
- She owes us big-time.
You know, she also has
that restaurant in Las Vegas...
where the sommeliers
fly around on wires.
Oh, my gosh. Lily, thank you
for being such a trouper with
Mr. Personality over there.
I’m gonna get you
a treat.
Oh. A juice box broke in here.
It’s all wet inside.
[ Gasps ]
Will you stop gasping?
It’s just a diaper–
[ Gasps ]
Oh!
Okay.
We need a game plan.
We need to rehearse exactly
what we’re gonna say,
’cause that is the only way
I’m gonna hold it together...
when my babies
are looking at me
with judgment and disgust.
First of all,
that’s how they always
look at us.
Oh, Phil.
Secondly, this isn’t
as traumatic as you think.
Honey, I walked in
on my parents
having sex once.
It was– oh, awful.
I can’t even get the image
out of my mind.
Claire, we’re not your parents.
We’re in much better shape.
Okay. You wanna know
the worst thing?
They didn’t even
talk about it.
They just let it hang there.
I’m not gonna do that
to our kids.
Phil, this–
this is a defining moment
for us as parents.
How we handle this
could shape how they feel...
about sex and intimacy
for the rest of their lives.
Honey. Honey.
- Oh, God.
- This is only a big deal
if we make it a big deal.
We set the tone here.
So let’s just play it cool.
Act like it was a big,
funny mix-up. Crack a few jokes,
lighten the mood.
Jokes?
Yeah.
- What kind of jokes?
- Well, this is–
I’m just spitballing here, but–
[ Clears Throat ]
What if I was all,
"Knock, knock."
And they were, like,
"Who’s there?"
And I was all,
"Someone who doesn’t want
to see their parents doing it.
That’s why we knocked."
[ Chuckles ]
Again, this is–
this is very rough.
Why are they still
up there?
Yeah. How long
does sex take?
Oh, my God.
Stop talking.
Did you guys notice that Dad
had the same look on his face
as when he smells a new car?
I need to leave.
I need to go to camp.
This is gonna be so weird
when they come down.
Let’s just go. Okay?
Come on.
- Wait. But I’m hungry.
- We’ll get breakfast.
Let’s just go!
Come on!
Let’s go! Come on!
Where are you going?
Anywhere.
Where is your mother?
I need to talk to her.
I don’t think it’s
a good time right now.
She won’t come out
of her room.
She’s really upset,
isn’t she?
Big-time.
How’d you know?
We called.
Tell me exactly
what she said.
I don’t know.
There was just
a lot of screaming.
Where was your father
when all this
was going on?
Oh. He was right behind her.
[ Shuddering, Groaning ]
It’s not coming out!
Blot! Don’t rub, blot!
We are beyond
blotting and rubbing.
We’ve moved on
to sweating and crying.
Okay. Let’s not panic.
We’ll tell Amelia
what happened, and then
we’ll pay to have it cleaned.
What if it can’t
be cleaned, Mitchell?
Okay, okay.
Then we’ll pay
for a new rug.
Are you insane?
This is a limited edition
alpaca handmade Stark rug.
I saw it in
Architectural Digest.
It costs $50,000.
It was in
Diane Keaton’s house.
Oh, my–
Oh, no. It was in–
oh, what’s-her-name’s house.
Um, from Prizzi’s Honor.
From, uh–
Oh, she was in Addams Family.
Anjelica Huston!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, my God.
$50,000?
For a rug?
Cam, we don’t have
that kind of money.
Maybe she won’t make us pay.
I mean, we wouldn’t make someone
pay if this happened to us.
Did you not hear her
on the phone? "Fix it!
Replace it! Write me a check!"
She probably has that
embroidered on a pillow,
right next to a jar
of human tears.
Maybe we can turn this around.
How? It looks like
someone bled out over here.
No. I mean the rug.
Maybe we can turn
the whole rug around.
Put it under the couch.
See? No one
would ever know it’s there.
Well, we would know.
Well–
What are you thinking?
You don’t wanna know.
No, tell me,
’cause I think I’m thinking
the same thing.
I seriously doubt that,
because now I’m thinking
it was Joan Collins’s house.
[ Phil ]
Okay.
[ Clears Throat ]
All right.
Gloria. What are you–
What are you doing here?
Wait. Where are the kids?
They just left.
They told me that
you were very upset.
Oh, God.
And you have every right
to be. It was bad.
I know that.
[ Sighs ]
Claire, it was an accident.
That doesn’t make it
any better.
Okay, you’re right.
I know how you feel.
Oh, God.
It happened to me before
with another woman.
And that time,
I was the one getting it.
And it hurt.
Wow.
I’m sorry it had to
come out like this.
But you have to admit that
you’re only happy when you’re
the one cracking the whip.
What?
Come on.
We all know
how you ride Phil.
But maybe if you just
let go a little,
maybe even taste
my cupcakes,
I will join you.
No. Uh– No. No.
I am so confused
right now.
I may pass out.
What are you
talking about?
The kids just walked in
on me and Phil in bed.
We’ve just spent the last hour
holed up in our room, trying to
figure out what to say to them.
Yeah. That’s what
I’m talking about.
Can I use your computer?
I just need to check one e-mail.
Yeah, the kitchen.
Gloria, I just switched us
to the next flight.
Did you guys get
everything straightened out?
Claire is very upset because
the kids just walk in
on them having sex.
Oh, geez.
Now that we’re
all up to speed–
She’s so upset that she hasn’t
even had time to apply her
makeup or use her computer.
What are you even
doing here, Dad?
I don’t think you should
be the one doing
the questioning here, missy.
Don’t get mad at her.
Your wife’s the one who just
offered up her cupcakes.
Phil.
Good thing we had
Mom’s gas card.
Don’t make me regret
buying you
that lighter, dude.
Put it down.
Okay, I’m just
gonna say it.
Our parents
are totally irresponsible.
And I’m not just talking
about us walking in on their
little freak show earlier.
Just let it go.
No!
We’re lucky to be alive.
How often do they
let Luke go to school
in shorts in the winter?
And they let me
ride in the front seat
before I was 60 pounds.
And they never shut the gate
at the top of the stairs
when we were babies.
Do you know how many times
you fell on your head? Do you?
No.
We get it.
It was bad.
But, you know,
I guess it’s better
than having parents who
fight all the time... maybe.
My friend Jacob’s parents
are getting divorced.
He has to move out
of his house.
They told him last week.
That sucks.
He’ll get used to it.
Half of my friends’
parents are divorced.
Mine too.
It’s insane.
So it’s a good thing
Mom and Dad still do sex.
Better than Mom
leaving the stove on, which
she’s done twice this month.
I just realized
we haven’t even gotten
to the worst part of it yet.
Which is?
They’re gonna want to
talk about it.
Maybe not.
Are you kidding?
Their parents never
talked about anything,
so they want to talk
about everything.
Yeah. They called
a family meeting when
we switched to one percent milk.
[ Door Closes ]
I don’t know where
those kids are.
What is more important
than putting a working lock
on a bedroom door?
You are one to talk.
What is that
supposed to mean?
You don’t remember
when I walked in on
you and Mom that time?
Gloria,
could we please go now?
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
So why don’t you just
get off your high horse, Dad?
At least I am trying
to handle this better
than the two of you did.
What did we do?
You made gimlets and
went back to your room.
What were we
supposed to do?
You-You could have
talked to me.
You could have made sure
that I was okay.
Wanna talk about it?
Yes.
Fine!
Your mother and I were watching
a particularly racy episode
of Hart to Hart.
Oh!
Stefanie Powers had to go
undercover as a call girl.
Mm-mmm. Dad–
Hang on.
This whole story
makes more sense–
Okay.
if you know I got a thing
for thigh-high boots.
Oh, gross. Gross.
You are ruining sex
for me.
And boots.
Hey.
Working okay for you?
Yes.
I was sending an e-mail
to my brother in Colombia.
- Oh.
- I was telling him
about Claire.
You know, I realized
there’s so much
I don’t know about her.
Like, for example,
what is her favorite word?
Or what was
her first pet’s name?
Gloria,
I’m not an idiot.
Are you trying to get
Claire’s password?
[ Sighs ]
Okay, fine.
I sent her something by mistake.
I need to get into
Claire’s e-mail to erase it
before she sees it.
- Before I see what?
- Hola, Claire.
Hi, Gloria.
Before I see what?
It’s so embarrassing.
[ Sighs ]
You see, Jay and I–
It’s a naked picture
of Gloria.
Whoa.
Yes. Naked.
- Mmm.
- I was gonna
send it to Jay.
You see everything–
the whole body.
I need to sit.
Okay.
Wow, Dad.
So you just got done giving me
a lecture on the importance
of locking my bedroom door...
while in my house to retrieve
naked pictures that
your wife accidentally sent me.
The irony is just
occurring to me.
Mmm. Mmm.
Wow.
What are you doing?
- What I’m doing
is deleting it.
- [ Phil ] Good for you.
Let’s go to Vegas!
[ Gloria ]
Ciao!
Do us a favor.
No pictures.
Oh, Gloria. Listen.
We do need to talk about
the bake sale at some point.
I have some concerns.
Of course you do.
Bye-bye!
[ Sighs ]
What do we do now?
Okay, I’m really afraid
of reading this situation
the wrong way,
but I’m 80% sure
you’re coming on to me.
Okay, now 40.
Mitchell, we need
to make a decision.
It was the perfect plan.
Turn the rug,
and she wouldn’t find
the stain for years.
But we couldn’t do it.
We’re too honest.
There are certain moments
in life that define you,
and this is
one of those moments.
[ Footsteps ]
[ Sighs ]
Guys, I’m so sorry
that took so long.
Oh, my God.
What happened here?
Jackson did it.
He grabbed Lily’s strawberry
juice and started drinking it.
[ Mitchell ]
Before we could stop him,
it was all over everything.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God!
We are horrible people.
I’m only following
your lead.
Yeah, so close that you stepped
on the back of my shoe.
Come here. Jackson’s
allergic to strawberries.
His throat will close up.
He can go into
anaphylactic shock.
I need to inject him right now.
He seems all right to me.
Maybe just get him
some fresh air.
Stop talking!
He really hates this,
so I’m gonna need you
to help me pin down
his arms and his legs.
Jackson, Mommy’s so sorry
to have to do this, but it’s
only gonna hurt for a second.
His arms!
Oh!
Okay.
All right, here we go.
One. Two–
Wait!
Jackson didn’t drink the juice.
I stepped on Lily’s bag.
The juice box fell.
We panicked because we heard you
on the phone and we can’t
afford Joan Collins’s rug!
We are so, so sorry.
We could not feel
any worse.
Oh, no. That’s bad.
Number 19!
Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, could we have
some napkins, please?
All out of napkins.
Paper towels in bathroom,
Mitchell.
He knows your name!
[ Claire ]
And, uh,
I’m just gonna say it.
I’m really sorry
about what happened.
Well, we’re not sorry
We’re sorry that
you saw what happened.
Okay. They get that.
Let’s see.
No one wants
to see their parents–
Sssssss–
Your sensuality–
not dressed– Oh.
Basically,
it’s two adults.
Adults.
It’s like you’re
shaking hands–
Mm-hmm.
but you’re not using
your hands at all.
I can’t handle
a big family talk
about this.
We’re not gonna
have a choice.
When they start talking,
just smile and nod and
think about something else.
Yeah, it’s easy.
Just like at school.
Yeah.
[ Claire ]
So I guess what
I’m saying here is that...
as you get older and
explore your sexuality,
you will discover that
as long as you are in
a committed relationship...
with consenting adults,
there’s really nothing
to be embarrassed about.
And let’s face it.
Your mom can’t keep
her hands off me...
whenever the gun show
comes to town.
[ Laughing ]
Good one, Dad.
Humor makes difficult
situations easier.
Wow. Really?
Totally.
You talked to us
on our level,
but without being
condescending.
We did.
All right.
I guess we did.
Huh!
Yay us!
I think we really
handled that well.
Me too.
You were excellent.
You were pretty good.
Oh!
Oh.
This is such a weird day.
I know it.
By the way,
happy anniversary.
It always is.
Mmm.
Hey, Mom, can I get–
Oh, my God! Enough!
[ Groans ]
Hey. What’s this?
Your anniversary present.
Aw!
That’s very sweet.
My goodness.
What is it?
A door lock.
How embarrassing.
Thank you.
We’ll use it
all the time.
Mmm.
We thought the lock
was a really good idea.
[ Alex ]
But the problem is,
it makes a noise.
[ Luke ]
A loud noise.
[ Lock Clicks ]
[ Groans ]
It’s hard for me to
look at Dad afterwards.